heading size of radio buttons (#92)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: docs/components/ns-inputter.md

Radio buttons are automatically grouped together in a `<fieldset>`, the `heading` attribute mentioned above is used to provide a `<legend>` to describe the options. These are usually in the form of a question - such as "Are you a British Gas customer?".

> #### Note on the size of the heading for radio buttons
> Radio buttons come with a heading that can visually look odd in a form with other types of `ns-inputter`. This heading's size will match other `ns-inputter` labels' size if all elements are grouped in an `ns-fieldset`. This will help keep a logical visual hierarchy when using radio buttons.

Reviewer: A little bit of a rejig.

And may I also suggest that the same note is added to the Checkboxes section (replace 'radio button' with 'checkbox') as this is related to both radio buttons and checkboxes.

```suggestion
#### Note on the size of the heading for radio buttons

Radio buttons come with a heading that inherits size 4, which is larger than the default label size and can visually look odd when grouped with other `ns-inputters`.

To match this heading's size with other `ns-inputter` labels', group all associated elements in an `ns-fieldset`. This will help keep a logical visual hierarchy when using radio buttons grouped with other inputs.
```
